How to run/ install Dread Evolution There are 3 ways to play Dread EvolutionVia Unity, 
via iOS iPhone or iPad and via Android smartphone or tablet

1. To download Unity game, start by clicking on the link below 
(https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download)

2. Then Choose the first option Personal Free,  then click on  the "Try Personal".

3. Accept the terms, and click on "download installer" for your operating system. 

4. Open the download installer and begin installing unity.

5. When unity is installed, log into unity using the following details or you can click "work offline 


6. then  select "Open" and open 
"DreadEProject" folder which is located in my SVN(code > Final Project update > DreadEProject

7. If the is any trouble with installing unity I have referenced a video on 
how to run Unity(go to this link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn0qnuOhC0s).

8. under the Game tab, located on the right hand of the screen  the is a drop down menu which Should be Free Aspect by default, 
click the plus button and add the resolution that is set to 1334 width and 750 length.  

9. In the projects located at the bottom of the Unity window, 
go to the Assets folder, then go to the Scenes folder and double click on "Start Game" or right click it and choose open.

10. When the Start Gam  scene is open, the game can start to run, on the top of the Unity 
window there is a Play,Pause and Skip button, click play to start the game. 

**Important** When running the game you must ALWAYS run the Start game scene first because  
the rest of the scenes are dependant on it and also it  will throw exceptions if the main scene is not ran first.
 Never run the the other sceen if not the game will just be giving errors so start by playing the Start Game scene.

--Running the project on an iOS device You will need a  Mac computer with XCODE installed, 
iMacs in the small private room on Charles Wilson 3rd floor should work.

I have a link that shows a video of how to make the proejct into a Mac
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM9E6b0LNQI)
